[saying goodbye]
Thank you all for everything!
Goodbye!
So long, everyone! Be well!
See you later! Take care!
Goodbye!
Wait! Wait for me!
I'm coming, I'm coming, don't
leave! Wait!
You're very late, Cho‐Cho. Why
the heck do you have so much
stuff?
Ohh, I got stuck
in the gift shop.
All the food gifts looked
so delicious I just couldn't
decide!
It's so weird.
So Kagura never showed up
after all.
Well, he was a big part of the
rebellion. Maybe he's just
ashamed.
I hope you were planning on
punching him in the face if he
showed up.
Why would I do that?
I mean, it's really only thanks
to him that we just had such a
great field trip.
Whoa, wait a minute, are
you serious? It's thanks to him
that we almost got killed here!
Man, what a letdown. I was so
sure he'd come to see us
off.
Boruto.
Hey! It's almost time,
right?
That's right. It's any minute
now.
Can't wait! I can't wait!
(Boruto) I'm home!
Yay! He's back!
Welcome home, big brother! How
did your field trip go? Did you
have fun?
Hi, Hima. Yeah, we had all
kinds of fun times, it was
great!
Welcome home, Boruto.
Oh hey, hi Mom.
Here.
[gasps] Is this for me?
It's just my laundry. Hey
I'm super tired, Mom.
I'm gonna sleep till
dinner, all right? [yawn]
[sighs]
And this guy Kagura got
totally hooked on Shinobi
Bout.
(Boruto) I mean, like addicted
to it! It was ridiculous!
[laughing]
You really have a gift for
making new friends wherever
you go, don't you?
You think? Yeah, I guess,
kinda.
Thank you for dinner.
What's wrong, Hima?
I get it, hearing me talk about
my field trip makes you wish you
could go on one of your own.
[chewing]
[sighs]
What's up with her?
Anyway, there's even more to
the story.
This guy Kagura is so good with
a sword, he's the...
(Boruto) successor to one of the
Ninja Blades of the Hidden Mist!
Really, he's that good!
[students talking]
Man, I sure hope he's doing
okay.
Are you talking
about Kagura again?
I just wanna know he's all
right, that's all.
Oh. I pass.
Whatever the reason for it, he
sure got mixed up with the Seven
Swordsman.
Yeah, I really don't think
they're going to let the guy
get off with just a warning.
Wait, so you think Kagura's
been arrested too?
And that's why he couldn't be
there to see us off?
Oh, come on, like I'd know.
(Shino) Boruto! Sarada! Iwabe.
Come to the principal's office
later.
Huh?
What's it about?
Why does he want me?
You'll find out then.
[sighs] You think they found out
about everything with the Seven
Ninja Swordsmen?
That's gotta be it, if it's
just us three being called in.
But we didn't miss roll call
that day, we made it back just
in time.
Yeah, true. I'm sure all the
Sensei didn't suspect anything.
So what do we do? I sure
don't want to be lumped in as
an accomplice with you guys.
[sighs]
Heh! I got this. You guys
just let me do the talking.
And then!
This storm suddenly came
outta nowhere! A huge storm
with lightning and everything!
I thought it was all over!
I thought I was going to die,
right there, in the Village
Hidden in the Mist!
It was then that Miss Sarada
here and Mr. Iwabe right here
luckily showed up!
Man! I thought I was dreaming
when I saw these guys! Really!
Hmm.
Let me see.
You're saying that you got
lost and these two rescued
you, is that the gist of it?
When I think about it, it's
kind of a miracle we ever made
it back in time for roll call.
Yep, yep.
I see, so you didn't cause any
incidents while you were
there?
More specifically, you're saying
you didn't have a run‐in with
shinobi from the Mist.
Is that right?
Uhh.
Y‐yeah, that's about right.
I'm a proud student of the
Hidden Leaf, and proud of it!
Why the heck would I wanna go
around causing trouble?
Very well.
Then perhaps you can explain the
meaning of this petition that
arrived from Lord Mizukage.
Huh?
"I hereby declare that the
actions taken by Boruto Uzumaki,
Sarada Uchiha and Iwabe Yuino...
(Iruka) were justified, and
benefited both the Lands of Fire
and Water.
Hence, it is my sincere hope
that they are not punished in
any way."
That's what it says.
[groans] Why did Old Man
Chojuro have to be so honest?
(Shikadai) You missed a spot!
Shut up!
[laughing]
Move your hands, not your
mouth, Boruto!
Do it right or you'll have to
start all over again.
You should've just come
clean and apologized...
instead of coming up with
some ridiculous story!
Yeah, well, how was I supposed
to know he was going to write
them a letter?
No excuses!
[growls]
Hey! Get to work or we'll
still be at it when the sun
goes down!
[resigned sighs]
(Suigetsu) It turns out that the
one who made it seem like it was
Chojuro killing off the...
officials who were opposed the
peace treaty was actually that
hoodlum named Shizuma.
I see.
That's why I always said, from
the very beginning, that we
shouldn't use guys like that.
I thought it would make it
easier to move around...
if there was trouble in the Land
of Water. What a disappointment.
So then, what happened to
them, where are they?
They're in a correctional
facility undergoing
rehabilitation.
(Suigetsu) Still, even if they
were rebels, officials from
his own Land of Water...
were killed to put a lid on
the incident, silence them, and
pretend as if nothing happened.
That Chojuro is a pretty bad
guy.
[gasps]
(Orochimaru) Do you think he's
keeping silent in order to
protect himself?
(Suigetsu) What other reason is
there?
(Orochimaru) If it becomes known
that a coup d'etat was
attempted...
it will set everything back to
the dark ages again.
(Orochimaru) He might have felt
that secrecy was his only
option.
That probably explains his
silence.
Yeah well, one thing we can
be pretty certain of...
Shizuma sure didn't count on
Boruto being in the
neighborhood.
He's just like his father, he
loves to go around poking his
nose into everything.
Still, it's curious how the
child got ahold of incriminating
evidence against Shizuma.
[gasps] Y‐yeah, I know! Strange,
isn't it? [nervous chuckle]
Hmm.
You must be more self‐assured.
[breath in, out]
You will never be able to cut it
in two if you doubt yourself.
I was weak‐willed and caused
trouble for Boruto. I can't
forgive myself.
But he will forgive you, if
you face him honestly about
it. That is the way he is.
Yes, I‐ I know that.
Being upfront and honest,
that can sometimes be a very
difficult thing to do.
Hm.
I'm home!
Juicy juicy juice.
Hm?
[sighs]
What is it, Hima? Something
on your mind? [gulps]
It's nothing.
Hmm?
Hey, uh, did something happen,
Mom?
Himawari's been acting weird
toward me ever since I got
back from my trip. [gulps]
I'd hoped that you would
eventually figure it out on
your own.
Hm?
Don't you remember? You
promised to bring back a
souvenir for Himawari.
[realization grunt]
Don't worry, I'll bring back
lots of souvenirs for you.
You have to promise, okay?
Oh, no! I totally forgot!
Himawari's been waiting
patiently for you at least to
say something.
Man, why didn't you tell me
sooner, Mom? It's already been
awhile!
If you forgot to get her
something, you'll just have to
tell her and apologize.
[nervous laugh] Yeah, and
she might try to kill me with
her Byakugan again.
She might.
I'm going out for a bit!
[chuckles]
(Boruto) Hey, uh, Hima, uh...
Listen, about that
souvenir I promised you.
[sighs]
You see...
[whimpers]
Well, I know you like super
delicious snacks, so that's
what I brought you!
(Boruto) You've heard of the
Hidden Mist's famous Water
Cinnamon Sweets, right?
Oh, yeah!
But here's the thing, they got
mixed up somehow in my
friend's luggage.
So I'm gonna go get them,
'kay? So just hang on!
[delighted gasp]
[panting]
So how'd she take it?
The way she looked at me, I
couldn't bring myself to tell
her.
Honesty's the best policy,
don't you think?
Yeah.
You want me to ask Dad for
you?
[grunt]
Maybe he'll be able to
figure something out.
No way, absolutely not!
Don't worry. I swear, I'm going
to find her that souvenir! Not a
word of this to Dad, okay?
This trying to be a good and
thoughtful big brother is hard
work!
I wonder what that idiot did
this time.
Water Cinnamon Sweets? I ate
all of mine days ago.
How long did you think I was
gonna keep them?
Okay, never mind.
Thanks anyway.
Sorry but I ate all of mine. I
still have some dumplings left
though.
Thanks, but nothing else will
do. It's okay, forget it.
Uh!
They tasted perfectly
exquisite!
Okay, that's not exactly what
I was asking you about.
Well I could draw you a
picture of them.
Yeah, a picture's not gonna do
any good.
[laughs] Didn't think so.
[gasps] Cho‐Cho! You have any
Water Cinnamon Swee...
No way she'd have any left.
Huh? Wait what did you ask? Do I
have any what?
Any Water Cinnamon Sweets?
No?
Water Cinnamon Sweets?
None?
Not even one?
No?
(Boruto) C'mon, someone say
you've got some!
[street chatter]
Boruto? Did something
happen? Why are you
sleeping here?
M‐Mitsuki. You don't have
any Water Cinnamon Sweets on
you do you?
(Mitsuki) No.
'Course not.
Why do you ask?
I forgot to get them for
Himawari as a souvenir.
Souvenir?
You need them badly?
I couldn't bring myself to
tell her I forgot.
(Sarada) I figured it was
something like that.
Hm?
I heard you were out looking
around for Water Cinnamon
Sweets.
Wha‐? [gasp] Are you
saying you have some?
No.
[sighs]
But I might know a place that
may or may not sell them.
Which place? Where?
Sarada, if you really know,
then please tell him.
All right. On one condition,
you're not to go snooping into
how I know about this shop.
That's a deal‐breaker.
I won't, I promise! I'd never
do that!
Like I believe you!
[gasps]
Well, whatever.
Okay. If you go to the very
end of the alley off of 3rd
Street...
there's a sketchy‐looking
grocery shop.
They carry food from lots of
different villages...
so there's a pretty good chance
they'd have what you're looking
for.
The end of the alley, huh?
Right! Thanks, Sarada!
But even if they have it, they
might not be willing to sell
it to you! Just so you know!
Mitsuki! You're coming with
me?
Why, of course I am.
Okay, then!
Okay, a sketchy‐looking shop,
a sketchy... Hey, look!
(Boruto) Is that it?
They really do sell things
from all over, don't they?
Oh, look Boruto. What
strangely colored mushrooms.
Ah, I don't think I was
supposed to touch them.
Interesting place, isn't it
Boruto? [gasps]
[mesmerized/ecstatic sighs]
It couldn't be an illusion,
could it?
This is the real thing right?
Huh?
That's the souvenir you've
been looking for?
(Boruto) The great delicacy of
the Hidden Mist, Water Cinnamon
Sweets! Ow!
Who said that you could
touch the merchandise?
Huh?
So that's what all the racket
was.
A couple of brats wandered in
and thought they'd start poking
around.
Listen, Granny, I wanna buy
these Water Cinnamon Sweets!
They're just what I've
been looking for. Ow!
Don't touch them with
your filthy hands! I run a
classy and elegant shop.
It's just a box of sweets! Why
are you being so difficult,
anyway?
Just sell 'em to me, it's an
emergency!
You're quite assertive, aren't
you? All right then, let me
ask you this.
Just what kind of emergency
is it exactly? Eh?
Well, it's just that...
My little sister.
Eh? Speak up,
I can't hear you.
Look. who cares? It doesn't
matter what the reason is!
Oh, yeah?
Get! Go on, get out of here! I
don't have time to bother with
you! Out! Out of my shop!
[gasps] Is this your friend?
Just what do you think you're
doing?
You let go of me! [grunts]
What now, Boruto? Wanna go?
What the! Mitsuki! Stop!
Let me go right now! I never
sell anything to customers I
don't like! Not even trash!
Hmm, Shinobi Bout?
Eh? You play
that game, too?
Well, what if I do?
Aha, very interesting.
All right, if you can beat me at
this game, I'll sell you those
Water Cinnamon Sweets.
Yeah? Really?
But if you lose then you get out
of my shop immediately!
Okay! You got yourself a
deal, Granny!
Stop calling me Granny, you
little squirt! Call me the
Ruthless Shinobi Bout Queen!
That thing's filthy.
Hmm.
I think this one, yes. No, this
one.
Can we like, hurry it up,
Granny?
Huh you little brat, don't
be so sure of yourself.
You'll be bawling your eyes out
when I'm done with you.
Ruthless Shinobi
Bout Queen, my foot.
Hey, Boruto. Take a look.
Hm?
Hmm.
[gasps]
This game is yours to win.
Hmm.
[sighs]
Damn it! What is going on
with my hand?
Huh?
I'm out, Granny.
Hm.
Are you just giving up?
I can see all of your cards!
What do you mean? Where?
Hm?
Hmm.
Hmph! What a dumb little brat.
If you hadn't said anything,
you could've won!
Yeah whatever! Now just
re‐shuffle the cards and deal
out a new hand!
[annoyed grunt]
[grunts]
[sighs] Never mind this is
boring.
But, wait! What do you mean? The
game's not over, where you
going?
Hm?
Ow! What're doing Granny
what's wrong with you?
[grunts] Wait a sec. Don't
forget, you're the one who
suggested we play this ga‐‐
(Madame) Here! Take it.
Huh?
Go on, take it and get going.
It's an emergency, isn't it?
[chuckles]
[groans] Now I'm in a
rotten mood.
Hm?
(Mitsuki) Now Himawari will be
happy, huh?
(Boruto) Yeah, I guess.
How weird.
You finally got the thing you
wanted, and yet you don't seem
very happy about it.
(Tayori) Hey! Boruto!
Look who it is.
Mr. Tayori!
Long time no see. I'm
glad I ran into you.
Here you go. A letter
with your name on it.
For me?
(Tayori) It's from
the Land of Water.
[gasps] It's from Kagura!
That's great, Boruto.
(Boruto) Hey, thanks a lot Mr.
Tayori!
[chuckles]
(Kagura) "Dear Boruto, I'm so
sorry I wasn't there to see you
off. After you risked...
your life to bring me back, I
used our circumstances as an
excuse and criticized you.
I blamed everything on my
environment and ran away from
the truth.
After I thought about it, I just
couldn't face you. I'm really
sorry.
But I'm determined to overcome
my weaknesses...
and become a shinobi who's
worthy of wielding the
Hiramekarei.
When that time comes, I'll
come visit you!
You've taught me so many
things.
I want to be true to myself and
live honestly, just like you!"
He's making too big
a deal out of it.
He says here he wants to play
you in Shinobi Bout again
someday.
Man, that guy is too much.
Instead of sending a rambling
letter like that, a simple
"sorry" would've been fine.
Boruto?
Hey Mitsuki, thanks for today,
ya know?
I've decided I'm gonna come
clean to Himawari.
Why would you do that? She won't
know if you don't tell her.
Yeah. But I guess maybe I'm
"too much" as well.
Welcome home, big brother!
Hey. Here are those
sweets I told you about.
[delighted scream] Thank
you, big brother!
[grunts] You're welcome. But
actually, Himawari, I really
owe you an apology.
You do? Why? Did you do
something wrong?
Yeah, you see, um.
You really are quite a mystery,
aren't you?
(Sai) Inojin, what are you
doing?
(Inojin) It's tiresome drawing
something in the midst of
battle...
so I thought it'd be more
efficient if I drew stuff in
advance.
(Sai) Are you sure you...
(Inojin) I'll try it in
Ino‐Shika‐Cho training tomorrow.
(Sai) If he keeps this up he
might not be able to use justsu
anymore.
(Inojin) What? I can't perform
the Super Beast Scroll?
Next time on Boruto Naruto
Next Generations: The Super
Beast Scroll Slump!